Notes on Future Work:
Weather
	Extrapolation from data
	Robust (simulation for a constructed set of weather series)

Simulation
	Various ways to reduce run time if needed (time steps, number of runs)

Optimisation
	Evolutionairy Algorithms
	Use kerkhove dedicated search to find base solutions for local search

Schedule restrictions
	Have off and on months combined with early start bonus (so there is generation over off months) (with NPV)
	Vessel renting limitations and costs



Feedback from 24/04/19 meeting:
Get broader literature section. More papers, especially on maintenance. Euan also send a mail on this. Also have at least one paper on/with aggregate scheduling (multi level). Highlight differences between my research proposal and the current literature. 
Continue focussing on Section 5(.1) and 4. Good plan is to work on direction 1 for the next 6 months then review whether to continue, expand to maintenance or fully drop for maintenance. Should keep thinking about what makes my idea for the installation special (in terms of research, also compared to other multi-level research). Possible rewrite that bit in Section 5 to make it clearer what makes my approach special and stand out from "focus papers".
I should also look at what Euan emailed me. 



Notes Barlow Simulation paper references:
37 27 26 weather series
19 33 2	simple opt
34 maintenance overview
28 38 41 simulation



Feedback from 08/05/19 meeting:
- Finishing before NL trip is nice, but not necessary
- Next week we have a meeting with us 3, week after just Euan, week after none cause NL
- There was a problem with 144 clain in dedicated heuristic for Kerkhove (fixed)
- 3.1.3 should renamed to reflect focus papers (done)
- Section 5.1 should be expanded, especially for the research methods of the next 6-12 months (TODO)
- Section 4 should be expanded with the model and algorithm I have implemented, current writing seems more like an introduction (Maybe not matlab, talk about it being a discrete event simulater, etc)(TODO)